in the previous video we talked about
the backpropagation algorithm to a lot
of people seen for the first time the
first impression is often that while
this is a really complicated algorithm
and there are all these different steps
and I'm not quite sure how they fit
together and is like kind of a black box
with all these complicated steps in case
that's how you're feeling about back
propagation that's actually okay um back
propagation maybe unfortunately is a
less mathematically clean or less
mathematically simple algorithm compared
to linear regression or logistic
regression and I've actually used
backward back propagation you know
pretty successfully for many years and
even today I stole them sometimes feel
like I have a very good sense of just
what's it's doing most of intuition
about what back propagation is doing if
for those of you that are doing the
programming exercises that will and
these mechanically step you through the
different steps of how to implement back
prop so you'll be able to get in to work
for yourself and what I want to do in
this video is look a little bit more at
the mechanical steps of back propagation
and try to give you a little more
intuition about what the mechanical
steps of back prop is doing to hopefully
convince you that you know it's at least
a reasonable algorithm in case even
after this video in case back
propagations though seems very black box
and kind of like you know too many
complicated steps a little bit magical
to you that's actually okay and even
though you know I've used back prop for
many years sometimes this is a difficult
algorithm to understand but hopefully
this video will help a little bit in
order to better understand back
propagation let's take another closer
look at what forward propagation is
doing here's the neural network with two
input units that is not counting the
bias unit and two hidden units in this
this layer and two hidden units in the
next layer and then finally one output
unit and again these counts two to two
are not counting these bias units
in order to illustrate forward
propagation I'm going to draw this
network a little bit differently and in
particular I'm going to draw this neural
network with the nose drawn has diese
very fact ellipsis so that I can write
text in them
when performing forward propagation we
might have some particular example say
some example X I comma Y I and it will
be this X I then we feed into the to the
input layer so this may be x i1 and x i2
are the values we set the input layer 2
and when we forward propagate it to the
first hidden layer here what we do is
compute Z 2 1 and Z 2 2 so these are the
weighted sum of inputs of the input
units and then we apply the sigmoid of
the logistic function and the sigmoid
activation function applied to the Z
value gives us these activation values
so that gives us a 2 1 and a 2 2 and
then we forward propagate again to get
you know here Z 3 1 apply the sigmoid of
the logistic function the activation
function to that to get a 3 1 and
similarly like so until we get Z 4 1
apply the activation function this gives
us a 4 1 which is the final output value
of the neural network let's erase this
arrow to give myself some more space and
if you look at what this computation
really is doing focusing on this hidden
unit let's say we have that this weight
shown in magenta there is my weight
theta 2 1 0 the indexing is that
important and this way here which it
gives on highlighting in red that is
Theta 2 1 1
and this wait here which I'm drawing in
green in the cyan is theta212 so the way
we compute this value Z 3 1 is Z 3 1 is
as equal to this magenta weight times
this value so that's a theta 2 1 0 times
1 and then Plus this red weight times
this value so that's a theta 2 1 1 times
a 2 1 and finally this cyan weight times
this value which is therefore plus theta
2 1 2 times a 2 1 and so that's forward
propagation and it turns out that as
we'll see later in this video what back
propagation is doing is doing a process
very similar to this except that instead
of the computations flowing from the
left to the right of this network the
computations instead flow from the right
to the left of the network and using a
very similar computation as this and
I'll say in two slides exactly what I
mean by that to better understand what
back propagation is doing let's look at
the cost function here's the cost
function that we had for when we have
only one output unit if we have more
than more than one output unit we just
have a summation you know over the
output unit index by K there but they
have only one output unit then this is
the cost function and we do forward
propagation and back propagation on one
example at a time so let's just focus on
a single example X I Y I and focus in
the case of having one output unit so
why I here is just a real number and
let's ignore regularization so lambda
equals 0 and this final term there right
goes away now if you look inside this
summation you find that the cost term
associated with the i'f training example
that is the cost associated with
training example X iyi that's going to
be given by this expression then the
cost sort of training example I is
written as follows and what this cost
function does is it plays a role similar
to the squared error so rather than
looking at this complicated expression
if you want you can think of Kosovo
being approximately you know the squared
difference between what the neural
network outputs versus what is the
actual value just as in logistic
regression we actually prefer to use the
slightly more complicated cost function
using the log but for the purpose of
intuition
feel free to think of the cost function
as being this sort of squared error cost
function and so this cost by measures
how well is the network doing on
correctly predicting example I how close
is the output to the actual observed
label lie on now let's look at what back
propagation is doing what useful
intuition is that back propagation is
computing these Delta superscript L
subscript J terms and we can think of
these as the quote error of the
activation value that we got for unit J
in the layer and elf layer more formally
for that this is maybe only for those of
you that are familiar with calculus more
formally what the Delta terms actually
are is this that the partial derivative
with respect to z LJ that is the
weighted sum of inputs that were
computing these Z terms partial
derivative respect to these things of
the cost function so concretely the cost
function is a function that the label Y
and the value this H of x up about
neural network and if we could go inside
the neural network and just change those
z LJ values a little bit then that will
affect these values that the neural
network is outputting and so that will
end up changing the
cost function and again really this is
only for those theater exploiting
calculus if you're familiar with if
you're comfortable with partial
derivatives what these Delta terms are
is they turn out to be the partial
derivative of the cost function with
respect to these intermediate terms that
were confusing and so they're a measure
of how much would we like to change the
neural networks weights in order to
affect these intermediate values of the
computation so as to affect the final
output of the neural network H of X and
therefore affect the overall cost in
case this lost positive does the partial
derivative intuition in case that didn't
make sense don't worry about it the rest
of this we can do without without really
talking about partial derivatives but
let's look in more detail about what
back propagation is doing for the output
layer it first sets this Delta term
we'll say Delta for one as Y i if we're
doing a forward propagation and back
propagation on this training example I
it says as why I minus a for one so
that's really the error is the
difference between the actual value of y
- what was the dahle predicted instead
we're going to compute Delta for one
like so next we're going to do propagate
these values backwards I explained this
in a second and end up computing the
Delta terms of the previous layer when
they end up with Delta 3 1 Delta 3 2 and
then we propagate this further backward
and end up computing Delta 2 1 and
- - now the backpropagation calculation
is a lot like running the forward
propagation algorithm but doing it
backwards so here's what I mean let's
look at how we end up with this value of
Delta 2 2 so we have Delta 2 2 and
similar to forward propagation let me
label a couple of the weight so this
weight which I'm going to run cyan let's
say that weight is Theta 2 of 1/2 and
this way down here let me highlight this
in red that's going to be let's say
theta 2 of 2 - so if we look at how
Delta 2 2 is computed how's compute for
this node it turns out that what we're
going to do is when I take this value
and multiply by this weight and add it
to this value multiplied by that weight
so it's really a way to some of the
neuro of DS our Delta values weighted by
the corresponding edge strength so
concretely let me fill this in this is
our Delta 2 2 is going to be equal to
theta - 1 2 which is that magenta weight
times Delta 3 1 + and then the thing I
had in red that's a theta 2 - 2 times
Delta 3 - so it's really literally this
red weight times this value plus this
magenta weight times this value and
that's how we wind up with that value of
Delta and just as another example let's
look at this value how do we get that
value well is a similar process if this
weight which are I'm going to highlight
in green if this way it is equal to say
Delta 3 1 2 then we have that Delta 3 2
is going to be equal to that green
weight theta 3
two times Delta one and by the way so
far I've been writing the Delta values
only for the hidden units and not but
not that excluding the biased units
depending on how you define the back
propagation algorithm or depending on
how you implement it you know you may
end up implementing something to compute
Delta values for these bias units as
well the bias unit is always output the
value of +1 and they are just what they
are and there's no way for us to change
the value and so depending on your
implementation of back prop the way I
usually implemented I do end up
computing these Delta values but we just
discard them and we don't use them
because they don't end up being part of
the calculation needed to compute the
derivative so hopefully that gives you a
little better intuition about what back
propagation is doing
in case of all of this still seems for
magical install of black box in a later
video India putting it together a video
I'll try to give a little bit more
intuition about what backpropagation is
doing but unfortunately this is a you
know difficult algorithm to try to
visualize and understand what is really
doing but fortunately you know up and I
guess many people have been using very
successfully for many years and if you
implement the algorithm you have a very
effective learning algorithm even though
the inner workings of exactly how it
works can be haunted to visualize